from phil jones pjonesueaacuk to trenbertucaredu martin manning mmanningalnoaagov subject re wg1 la2 meeting overlap cluster date thu apr 21 085705 2005 cc peter lemke plemkeawibremerhavende susan solomon ssolomonalnoaagov ipccwg1alnoaagov kbriffaueaacuk martin you are right it should just be the two of us and as keith is just across the corridor we can have the meeting beforehand or on the way together if you add this though to your list of possible meetings you might find that some others are interested this meeting of 3 and 6 can occur at the same time as 3 and 4 so during cluster b there does need to be some discussion between 4 and 6 though to decide where oerlemans work is best located within ar4 there is also the issue of ch 9 as kevin mentioned as with ch 4 using an ncep temperature series for the arctic there might be issues with some other chapters using observed datasets which ch 3 might think inappropriate or saying things about them that differ from what we do hopefully all these sorts of issues which get flagged when the overviews of the whole of ar4 get discussed and also at la3 and la4 cheers phil at 0246 21042005 trenbertucaredu wrote martin i think you are right the paleo instrumental issue is likely to involve mainly briffa from chap 6 and phil from our chapter so they might well spin off at some point are there others phil kevin dear kevin and phil as you say chapter 6 was not implicated in the cluster b overlap issues based on the author notes we received with the zod you may want to cover the point raised by phil and in particular where the long instrumental records fit but as this seems to involve only small number of you could consider dealing with that more efficiently in small group separately from the cluster meeting so the choice is up to you if it would be helpful the tsu could start to compile list of small group meetings requested by clas and look for some way of setting up practical timetable for lunch time meetings but we would need advice on the specific individuals who should be involved in each case and all i am offering is dating service that would distribute suggested list of times and names that we could possibly update in real time during the meeting in beijing regards martin at 0907 am 4202005 kevin trenberth wrote hi martin i agree with what phil says but i note that cluster b does not actually have chapter 6 as part of it so the question is whether chapter 6 will be involved if so then we may well want to split into 2 parts last night i had quick look at chap 9 and i am concerned about redundancy and overlap and conflicts they are doing some similar things with observations but maybe different obs and coming to different conclusions eg wrt things like dimming kevin prof phil jones climatic research unit telephone 44 0 1603 592090 school of environmental sciences fax 44 0 1603 507784 university of east anglia norwich email pjonesueaacuk nr4 7tj uk